Yes sir welcome to my car helpline
how are you all see in today's session I am going to tell
you a few things about car insurance
so that you become aware about this thing
first of all a brother was
purchasing his Hyundai Creta insurance from Upkar and checked it online and he found the difference between the
dealer's quotation and the
online quotation and he got a
difference of 27000 rupees and your
boss
insurance company's case went well
at the end of the first question the claim came the bed sheet was
damaged due to which your company
passed on the clean and
settled your insurance
next year brother was happy that brother it's okay
this Vishwas company he
renewed his policy for the same insurance money and from the second
year onwards the claim that you made because of the same
accident damage claim was indirect almost to peace
but sir at that time the
insurance company
ran away the pillar which did not allow the claim to be settled and the
problem that he was facing, I am telling
you about that the worry that was on brother's forehead
which my  I spoke to him and was
actually concerned about where the mistake could have been made
by that brother because he had
purchased the insurance online and it was cheaper earlier too. Sir,
when the experience was also good, then the mistake was that the
insurance company that Bhai Saheb chose was to
choose the one with the lowest premium, instead of
choosing the best insurance company on the
basis of I should go with a prominent insurance
company which is of A grade, I should
go with the insurance company which is a partner of the dealer,
even if I go online,
they did not pay attention to that thing,
they gave the most importance to
who will offer me the lowest insurance premium on tax,
there they got
trapped in laziness, sir, know this, insurance
is a risk based product, if you do
not do research on the risk coverage, you just
spot the insurance policy based on the
online court which will give you the cheapest premium, then
you are making a mistake there. You have to understand
that there are more than 100 general
insurance companies in India but there are only a
handful of them which have a complete process set, have a
network as per the claims, have a complete
office set up for survey.  There is a team and they are
prominent, not only because brother,
our name is, they have set up the entire system,
they have an identity in the industry, so if you
leave those prominent companies and go to an unknown
company, then sir, there is a possibility that
you may face problems in such cases, date this
number one, now you will ask me brother, who will face
problems, so
this is for you, brother, only I am
telling you one thing that if you go
to a prominent company, you can go with
ICICI Lombard, you can go with
HDFC Bank, you can go with Bajaj Alliance, you
can go with Tata Royal Sundaram, there are
some such companies whose names are
in the market, which have a network, which have an identity,
which are there in this insurance sector for many
years, you must have heard about them too,
so if you go to such a company, then they probably have a
seamless claim settlement
process, so that is the first thing, do
not hesitate in it, secondly, sir,
know about insurance, now this is also
important to tell you,
I will tell you personally, I have told you
About the different insurance covers which are
offered by the insurance company
in terms of add-on covers, it is Zero Dep
policy, Engine protect is covered,
Consumable is covered, Retain invoice is covered,
Roadside assets are covered, Tyres are
also insured but if you
go for all these add-on covers then
your premium for one SUV car will be around 12 to 15000 rupees.
Now let me
tell you my personal story. I am driving a car for
more than 25 years. I am 43 years old. I have been driving a car
since the age of 18.
I have never
taken any other kind of add-on cover on a
personal basis. And I want to tell you that it has been
25 years since I have claimed one or two
barshil. By God Grace, I am
driving cars well and I am not
saying that if there is no claim till now then it will not come
in the future but there is a confidence
and these additional covers eat up a huge amount.
Now let me tell you  The thing is that don't
propose after seeing me, Bhaiya, if Gagan has
n't taken this cover, then I won't take it either, sir
you need to identify risk capital ride, now there is also a
cover for tyres, that is also covered, the premium is paid,
so the second thing is that I am telling you that
you must know this thing, the
third thing is sir, when you want to buy insurance,
whether you have taken new insurance
or it has been done as per renewal, once there is a
body shop manager of the dealer workshop, no
one is shy in taking feedback from them because that is the
person who is
actually with the insurance company, on the other hand
you are depressed, you should ask the insurance company you
want to take from us, but what is the
feedback of the house's claim
settlement process, is this company good or not, otherwise
you tell one or two companies,
whichever company's name they will give you, whoever they will
give feedback about your company, you should
purchase it online, there is no harm in that because
when the claim is settled on time, no one
asks how to source it, it should be sent to the
dealer's workshop on time  It is
important that I will not get money from this company, it will
not come on time,
so what is more important is
what are the covers and whether your policy has been given,
you know when it is going to check and if it is an online
policy, is it through the dealer, from where is it from or is it
through some third agent, then that is the third
thing,
fourth thing sir, you have to check your insurance policy clearly because
I am also telling you such an incident in
which a brother told his insurance
dealer that I am getting a cheap
discount in it, he said sir I will
match the price with the cheap discount,
but when brother's claim came
after 6-8 months, brother saw that there is a
voluntary deduction in the dealer's policy, that the customer will
settle the claim, the claim above that will be
settled by the insurance company and after doing that
his policy was finalized, that customer raised an alarm
but the boy who used to do insurance at that dealer,
who was the sales manager, was
not available, he said sir whatever you have said, the
policy will be on that basis, I will tell you about a real
life case  I am telling you everything, you can do it on the screen,
if I have it, you can check if it is
available in it, this is also such a case, so
whatever insurance you have left, you
must check its policy covers,
within the first 15 days you can
endorse that policy, you can modify it,
number five is last but not de-listed
boss, last but not de-listed
insurance, if you want to renew it,
I also tell you that you can also negotiate through their
online courses, there is a
right team of the insurance company, they can identify your
previous policy, you can keep giving me a
quotation, brother, now I am getting it
cheaper than this in the market, if you
offer a discount on this, give it a mix sense, I am
telling you from my experience, okay,
if you talk to the call center, there are chances that you can get a
lower premium by stating that this
premium is proving to be a bit expensive for me,
you should know that the insurance company offers discounts on the on-damage component,
and personally also, whenever I paid my tax
If you have got it insured directly from the insurance company, then
negotiate discounts with them as well, so that is the
fifth thing that you need to know
and here if you follow these things then you should definitely do
a good research on insurance and get a better policy rather than
buying a chip policy in which you face any
problem, if you follow these things then
you should definitely
purchase the insurance as per the new and renewal, then
you will be offered a good experience, if you
want to check the premium of today's important session then you
can visit the mike and helpline car creator
section, there you will get the premium of car ratios of every model,
in the rest of the shows you will be able to find detailed articles on the block
section, come there and check and tell us
how is your experience about
it in the comment box, definitely like this
video Pinky yes share subscribe to my car
helpline for the best of updates,
thank you